Fix compile error on RHEL 9 for certain Intel CPUs (#920)
instructlab/instructlab: README.md

   ```
   > **NOTE**: ⏳ `pip install` may take some time, depending on your internet connection.

#### Red Hat Enterprise Linux 9

1. If you are on Red Hat Enterprise Linux 9, enable the Code Ready subscription channel

   ```shell
   sudo subscription-manager repos --enable "codeready-builder-for-rhel-9-$(arch)-rpms"
   ```

2. install C++, Python 3.9+, and other necessary tools by running the following command:

   ```shell
   sudo dnf install gcc-toolset-13-gcc gcc-toolset-13-gcc-c++ make pip python3 python3-devel python3-GitPython
   ```

> 3. Create a new directory called `instruct-lab` to store the files the `ilab` CLI needs when running and CD into the directory by running the following command:
> 
>    ```shell
>    mkdir instruct-lab
>    cd instruct-lab
>    ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create a new directory called `instructlab` to store the files the `ilab` CLI needs when running and `cd` into the directory by running the following command:

   ```shell
   mkdir instructlab
   cd instructlab
   ```
```
